Your Majesty
I believe that the construction of Shengsendai should be stopped immediately
Mountain Resort
Yaotai and Huofang
That won't work.
I promised the two concubines to take them to play
The current national disaster
Your Majesty should not covet personal pleasure
Justice is done
Don't worry
Prime Minister
How much food and grass will this army need to go out?
Uh 300,000 army
At least 500,000
Food 5 million bags
Enjoy 20 million grains each
It's just so hard
Prime Minister
You are inexplicably a small pick
Oops your majesty
I have no such intention
This secret room can testify
Do you really need that much food?
Ladies and gentlemen
Hello?
Can help me solve the food problem
You are the court officials
Take the court martial arts
Shi Wei Su Shen all day long
Can't Kuangfu Design
I can't keep the people safe
What do I want you to do?
Your Majesty's treasury is empty
Not overnight
But killed over the years
I don't want to hear an explanation
I only look at the results
I'm more than 200 years old and involved in today's chaos
You are still pushing three and four
It upsets me.
The minister is guilty
Guilty enough
Waste so much
Who can help me solve the problem of raw materials?
Beautiful scenery is not a dream
exit
What is Your Majesty's mercy?